README.md, before:

Due to this project uses two main libs (see next) the whole project can be distributed taking care of respecting the below libraries license.
 - libstreaming (https://github.com/fyhertz/libstreaming) available under two licenses, the GPL and a commercial license. If you are willing to integrate this project into a close source application, please contact me at fyhertz at gmail.com.
	- Minor changes has been done over original libstreaming lib in order to solve some issues with Google Glass

 - mp4parser (https://code.google.com/p/mp4parser/) Apache License 2.0


It is a demo app test about using RSTP protocol to streaming content from Google Glass to Wowza streaming server.


Needed:

Glass Sneak Peek api
android.jar api 19 (due to compatibility with libstreaming library)
Wowza media server.


Source
Eclipse IDE deployment: 
Configure GDK Sneak Peek libraries: Project properties -> Android -> Select "Glass Development Kit Sneak Peek" -> Ok
Configure Build path in order to add android api 19 compatibility.  This is nececesary due to libstreaming library contains methods for compatibility with Android Mediacodec new api 19 version. So: Build path-> Add external jar ->  select <../adt-bundle-linux-x86_64-20130729/sdk/platforms/android-19/android.jar>
Deploy on your Glass


How to use

You can use the voice input  to test the rstp streaming. Also launchy app can be used (In that case, please select glassstream app)

1) Call Ok Glass -> mundoglass

2) Tap over MUNDOglass card, you'll see a camera preview, be patient

3) The rstp show is being done ( rstp announce, rstp setup and rstp record). That protocol handshake usually takes more than 3 or 4 seconds to finish after doing a  "tap" over MUNDOglass card

4) Use a rstp media player client like cvlc / vlc to test your streamming

   Once you got a log trace in your ide a trace like this  "H264Packetizer(25911): H264 packetizer started !" you'll be able to stream using your player

4) Use a rstp media player client like cvlc / vlc to test your streamming

   vlc rtsp://[your_site]:1935/live/[your_sdp_file].sdp



NOTES

It is just a draft version that maybe is plenty of bugs, i.e.: we are having some throubles pausing/finishing the inmersion/activity because resources (preview/surface) are not being properly freed


We use digest authentification (user/passw) username/password. You can found it harcoded into

com.mundoglass.worldglass.CameraActivity.java 

String user = "your_username";
String password = "your_password";
String url = "rtsp://[your_site]:1935/live/[your_sdp_file].sdp";

Target Streaming server is also hardcoded at the same place (see above)



We are using  a Wowza streaming media server as streaming server. In order to properly configure your Wowza server do the following (you can found more info here
Install a wowza media server

First, we need to create a Wowza application that we will call live. We are actually going to install one of the sample applications presented here. To do that, start by creating a folder called "live" in your [wowza-install-dir]/applications folder:

	cd /usr/local/WowzaMediaServer
	sudo mkdir applications/live

And another directory called live in your [wowza-install-dir]/conf/applications directory:

	cd /usr/local/WowzaMediaServer/conf/applications
	sudo mkdir live

Then, download and copy this file in the "live" directory.
	cd live
	sudo wget http://www.wowza.com/downloads/tutorials/live/Application.xml
 
Set a password for the RTSP server of Wowza


The RTSP server of Wowza can be configured to require user authentication. By default, it is configured to require user authentication to publish a stream, but not to play one. The example 3 will need this login and password pair to successfully stream to Wowza. That is why you have to add one in the [install-dir]/conf/admin.password file. As you can see into our code, we use username/password as keys.

You can also choose to disable user authentication to publish a stream. To do that, replace digest with none in yourlive/Application.xml in this field:

<PublishMethod>digest</PublishMethod>

Note: as of libstreaming 3.0, digest authentication is the only authentication scheme supported by the RTSP client.

Restart your Wowza Media Server
 
Based in our experience, you'll have to configure the following properties from file /usr/local/WowzaMediaServer-3.6.3/conf/live/Application.xml

	AVSyncMethod to senderreport or rtptimecode to synchronize video with audio.   e.g:  <AVSyncMethod>senderreport</AVSyncMethod> or  <AVSyncMethod>rtptimecode</AVSyncMethod>

	RTPTransportMode  to udp.   e.g.:  <RTPTransportMode>udp</RTPTransportMode>

Commit message:

Minor changes on README.md file and com.mundoglass.worldglass classes

README.md, after:

This is a fragment of a platform we are building at www.mundoglass.es. It just lets to live stream from Google Glass to Wowza streaming server.

Due to this project uses two main libs (see next) the whole project can be distributed taking care of respecting the below libraries license.
 - libstreaming (https://github.com/fyhertz/libstreaming) available under two licenses, the GPL and a commercial license. If you are willing to integrate this project into a close source application, please contact me at fyhertz at gmail.com.
	- Minor changes has been done over original libstreaming lib in order to solve some issues with Google Glass

 - mp4parser (https://code.google.com/p/mp4parser/) Apache License 2.0



Needed:

Glass Sneak Peek api
android.jar api 19 (due to compatibility with libstreaming library)
Wowza media server.


Source
Eclipse IDE deployment: 
Configure GDK Sneak Peek libraries: Project properties -> Android -> Select "Glass Development Kit Sneak Peek" -> Ok
Configure Build path in order to add android api 19 compatibility.  This is nececesary due to libstreaming library contains methods for compatibility with Android Mediacodec new api 19 version. So: Build path-> Add external jar ->  select <../adt-bundle-linux-x86_64-20130729/sdk/platforms/android-19/android.jar>
Deploy on your Glass


How to use

You can use the voice input  to test the rstp streaming. Also launchy app can be used (In that case, please select glassstream app)

1) Call Ok Glass -> mundoglass

2) Tap over MUNDOglass card, you'll see a camera preview, be patient

3) The rstp show is being done ( rstp announce, rstp setup and rstp record). That protocol handshake usually takes more than 3 or 4 seconds to finish after doing a  "tap" over MUNDOglass card

4) Use a rstp media player client like cvlc / vlc to test your streamming

   Once you got a log trace in your ide a trace like this  "H264Packetizer(25911): H264 packetizer started !" you'll be able to stream using your player

4) Use a rstp media player client like cvlc / vlc to test your streamming

   vlc rtsp://[your_site]:1935/live/[your_sdp_file].sdp



NOTES

It is just a draft version that maybe is plenty of bugs, i.e.: we are having some throubles pausing/finishing the inmersion/activity because resources (preview/surface) are not being properly freed


We use digest authentification (user/passw) username/password. You can found it harcoded into

com.mundoglass.worldglass.CameraActivity.java 

String user = "your_username";
String password = "your_password";
String url = "rtsp://[your_site]:1935/live/[your_sdp_file].sdp";

Target Streaming server is also hardcoded at the same place (see above)



We are using  a Wowza streaming media server as streaming server. In order to properly configure your Wowza server do the following (you can found more info here
Install a wowza media server

First, we need to create a Wowza application that we will call live. We are actually going to install one of the sample applications presented here. To do that, start by creating a folder called "live" in your [wowza-install-dir]/applications folder:

	cd /usr/local/WowzaMediaServer
	sudo mkdir applications/live

And another directory called live in your [wowza-install-dir]/conf/applications directory:

	cd /usr/local/WowzaMediaServer/conf/applications
	sudo mkdir live

Then, download and copy this file in the "live" directory.
	cd live
	sudo wget http://www.wowza.com/downloads/tutorials/live/Application.xml
 
Set a password for the RTSP server of Wowza


The RTSP server of Wowza can be configured to require user authentication. By default, it is configured to require user authentication to publish a stream, but not to play one. The example 3 will need this login and password pair to successfully stream to Wowza. That is why you have to add one in the [install-dir]/conf/admin.password file. As you can see into our code, we use username/password as keys.

You can also choose to disable user authentication to publish a stream. To do that, replace digest with none in yourlive/Application.xml in this field:

<PublishMethod>digest</PublishMethod>

Note: as of libstreaming 3.0, digest authentication is the only authentication scheme supported by the RTSP client.

Restart your Wowza Media Server
 
Based in our experience, you'll have to configure the following properties from file /usr/local/WowzaMediaServer-3.6.3/conf/live/Application.xml

	AVSyncMethod to senderreport or rtptimecode to synchronize video with audio.   e.g:  <AVSyncMethod>senderreport</AVSyncMethod> or  <AVSyncMethod>rtptimecode</AVSyncMethod>

	RTPTransportMode  to udp.   e.g.:  <RTPTransportMode>udp</RTPTransportMode>
